# CO-DMO-CT (Co-optimization of DVS, Memory placement, and Offloading with compatible TEE)

This project implements real-time task scheduling using steady-state genetic algorithms to minimize power consumption in CPU, memory, and network subsystems while meeting deadline constraints.

CO-DMO-CT integrates three energy-saving techniques across different system layers:
- DVS (Dynamic Voltage Scaling): Adjusting voltage and frequency to reduce CPU power consumption.

- Persistent Memory Placement: Optimizing data placement to minimize memory energy usage.

- Task Offloading: Executing tasks on edge servers that support a Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to ensure secure execution.

Two executables included in this project, which can simulate CO-DMO-CT in comparison with DVS, Offloading, and basic configurations.
- `gasgen`: task generation tool based on CPU and total utilization
- `gastask`: scheduling scheme generator based on GA

## Build
To build `gastask` and `gasgen`, use CMake:
```
$ mkdir -p build && cd build
$ cmake .. 
$ make 
$ cp gasgen gastask ../simulators/ 
```
# Run and Batch Run
- Change working directory to `./simulators`
```
$ cd simulators
```
## Run

- Create a new configuration file. Refer to `gastask.conf.tmpl`.
- run `gasgen`
```
$ ./gasgen gastask.conf
```
- Tasks list will be generated into <code>task_generated.txt</code> <code>network_generated.txt</code> <code>network_commander_generated.txt</code>according to gastask.conf
- paste <code>task_generated.txt</code> into the task section of gastask.conf 
- paste <code>network_generated.txt</code> into the network section of gastask.conf
- paste <code>network_commander_generated.txt</code> into the net_commander_ section of gastask.conf
- run gastask
```
$ ./gastask gastask.conf
```
- scheduling information is generated in <code>task.txt</code>.

## Batch Run
**(1)** `run.sh`
- `run.sh` performs batch experiments with configurable system utilization, CPU utilization, network bandwidth, and random seed parameters.

- The script automatically:
  - generates task sets and  network configurations per task
  - executes multiple optimization schemes:
    - CO-DMO-CT (TEE + Offloading + DVS)
    - CO-DMO (Offloading + DVS)
    - Offloading only
    - DVS only
    - Baseline (None)

- Run the batch experiment as follows:
  ```bash
  $ ./run.sh <util> <util_cpu> <network_up> <network_down> <seed>
  ```
- Then, All results are stored under the `./tmp` directory:  
  

**(2)** `repeat_run_avg.sh`
- `repeat_run_avg.sh` executes `run.sh` multiple times to compute average performance results for each optimization algorithm.





## Data Set

There are two types of data set to perform the simulations of CO-DMO-CT.

- Synthetic workload: 
 Dataset generated by the configuration-based gasgen module, where the workload can be varied(e.g. 0.1~0.9). 
- Realistic workload:
  -  **IMH (Industrial Machine Hands)** : Real-time workload for controlling mechanical manipulators, consisting of 7 task types with execution times ranging from 10 μs to 20 ms. 
  -  **RSM (Robotic Safety Marker)** : Real-time workload for operating road robots that relocate safety markers, consisting of 6 task types with execution times ranging from 100 μs to 2.5 ms. 
  - **CBF (Candy Box Factory)** : Smart factory workload involving candy-box packaging and assembly, consisting of 11 task types with execution times ranging from 10 ms to 520 ms. 